now it came to pass when Moses had
finished setting up the tabernacle that
he anointed it and consecrated it and
all its furnishings and the altar and
all its utensils so he anointed them and
consecrated them then the leaders of
Israel heads of their fathers houses who
were the leaders of the tribes and over
those who were numbered made an offering
and they brought their offering before
the law six covered carts and twelve
oxen a cart for every two of the leaders
and for each one an ox and they
presented them before the tabernacle
then the Lord spoke to Moses except
these from them that they may be used in
doing the work of the tabernacle of
meeting and you shall give them to the
Levites to every man according to his
service
so Moses took the carts and the oxen and
gave them to the Levites two carts and
four oxen he gave to the sons of Gershon
according to their service and four
carts and a toxin he gave to the sons of
Merari according to their service under
the authority of efemer the son of aaron
the priest but of the sons of Kohath he
gave none because theirs was the service
of the holy things which they carried on
their shoulders now the leaders offered
the dedication offering for the altar
when it was anointed so the leaders
offered their offering before the altar
for the Lord said to Moses they shall
offer their offering one leader each day
for the
case you love the altar and the one who
offered his offering on the first day
was gnashing the son of amanada
from the tribe of Judah his offering it
was one silver platter the weight of
which was 130 shekels and one silver
bowl of 70 shekels according to the
shekel of the sanctuary both of them
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
grain offering one gold pan of ten
shekels full of incense one young bull
one ram and one male lamb in its first
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
goats as a sin offering and for the
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
five Rams five male goats and five male
lambs in their first year this was the
offering of nation' the son of amanada
on the second day Nathanael the son of
zu a leader of Asaka presented an
offering for his offering he offered one
silver platter the weight of which was
130 shekels and one silver bowl of 70
shekels according to the shekel of the
sanctuary both of them full of fine
flour mixed with oil as a grain offering
one gold pan of ten shekels full of
incense one young bull one ram and one
male lamb in its first year as a burnt
offering one kid of the goats as a sin
offering and as the sacrifice of peace
offerings two oxen five Rams five male
goats and five male lambs in their first
year
this was the offering of nathanael the
son of zoo on the third day
Elad the son of healin leader of the
children of Zebulun presented an
offering
his offering was one silver platter the
weight of which was 130 shekels and one
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
grain offering one gold pan of ten
shekels full of incense one young bull
one ram and one male lamb in its first
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
goats as a sin offering and for the
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
five Rams five male goats and five male
lambs in their first year this was the
offering of a lion the son of gila on
the fourth day Eliza
the son of shittier leader of the
children of Reuben presented an offering
his offering was one silver platter
the weight of which was 130 shekels and
one silver bowl of 70 shekels according
to the shekel of the sanctuary both of
them full of fine flour mixed with oil
as a grain offering one gold pan of ten
shekels full of incense one young bull
one ram one male lamb in his first year
as a burnt offering one kid of the goats
as a sin offering and as the sacrifice
of peace offerings two oxen five Rams
five male goats and five male lambs in
their first year this was the offering
of Eliza the son of Sharia on the fifth
day
Shalom iam the son of Zura shadi leader
of the children of Simeon presented an
offering
his offering was one silver platter the
weight of which was 130 shekels and one
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
grain offering one gold pan of ten
shekels full of incense one young bull
one Ram and one male laminates first
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
goats as a sin offering and as the
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
five Rams five male goats and five male
lambs in their first year
this was the offering of Shalom al the
son of zuri shadow on the sixth day
elias f the son of dual leader of the
children of gad presented an offering
his offering was one silver platter the
weight of which was one hundred and
thirty shekels and one silver bowl of
seventy shekels according to the shekel
of the sanctuary both of them full of
fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
offering one gold pan of ten shekels
full of incense one young bull one ram
and one male lamb in its first year as a
burnt offering one kid of the goats as a
sin offering and as the sacrifice of
peace offerings two oxen five Rams five
male goats and five male lambs in their
first year
this was the offering of elias f the son
of duel on the seventh day elisha the
son of a Mahad leader of the children of
Ephraim presented an offering his
offering was one silver platter the
weight of which was 130 shekels and one
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
grain offering one gold pan of ten
shekels full of incense one young bull
one ram and one male lamb in its first
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
goats as a sin offering and as the
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
five Rams five male goats and five male
lambs in their first year this was the
offering of Elisha the son of a Mahad on
the eighth day
Gamaliel the son of pedasi leader of the
children of Manasseh presented an
offering his offering was one silver
platter the weight of which was one
hundred and thirty shekels and one
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
the shekel of the sanctuary
both of them full of fine flour mixed
with oil as a grain offering
one gold pan of ten shekels full of
incense one young bull one ram and one
male lamb in its first year as a burnt
offering one kid of the goats as a sin
offering and as the sacrifice of peace
offering two oxen five Rams
five male goats and five male lambs in
their first year
this was the offering of Gamaliel the
son of pedasi
on the ninth day Abidin the son of
Gideon a leader of the children of
Benjamin presented an offering
his offering was one silver platter the
weight of which was 130 shekels and once
silver bowl of 70 shekels according to
the shekel of the sanctuary both of them
full of fine flour mixed with oil as a
grain offering one gold pan of ten
shekels full of incense one young bull
one ram and one male lamb in its first
year as a burnt offering one kid of the
goats as a sin offering and as the
sacrifice of peace offerings two oxen
five Rams five male goats and five male
lambs in their first year
this was the offering of a by Dan the
son of Gideon I on the tenth day a high
Iza
the son of a machete leader of the
children of Dan presented an offering
his offering was one silver platter the
weight of which was one hundred and
thirty shekels and one silver bowl of
seventy shadows according to the shekel
of the sanctuary both of them full of
fine flour mixed with oil as a grain
offering one gold pan of ten shekels
full of incense one young bull one ram
and one male lamb in its first year as a
burnt offering one kid of the goats as a
sin offering and as the sacrifice of
peace offerings two oxen five Rams five
male goats and five male lambs in their
first year this was the offering of a
high Issa the son of a Machado
on the eleventh day Peggy oh the son of
Akron leader of the children of Asha
presented an offering his offering was
one silver platter the weight of which
was one hundred and thirty shekels and
one silver bowl of seventy shekels
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
both of them full of fine flour mixed
with oil as a grain offering one gold
pan of ten shekels full of incense one
young bull one ram and one male lamb in
its first year as a burnt offering one
kid of the goats as a sin offering and
as the sacrifice of peace offerings two
oxen five Rams five male goats and five
male lambs in their first year this was
the offering of Peggy l the son of Akron
on the twelfth day a Huayra the son of
Amon leader of the children of Naphtali
presented an offering his offering was
one silver platter the weight of which
was one hundred and thirty shekels and
one silver bowl of seventy shekels
according to the shekel of the sanctuary
both of them full of fine flour mixed
with oil as a grain offering one gold
pan of ten shekels full of incense one
young bull one ram and one male
laminates first year as a burnt offering
one kid of the goats as a sin offering
and as the sacrifice of peace offerings
to ox five Rams five male goats and five
male LANs in their first year this was
the offering of a Huayra the son of inan
this was the dedication offering for the
altar from the leaders of Israel when it
was anointed twelve silver platters
twelve silver bowls and twelve gold pan
each silver platter weighed 130 shekels
and each bow 70 shekels all the silver
of the vessels weighed two thousand four
hundred shekels according to the shekel
of the sanctuary the twelve gold pans
full of incense weighed 10 shekels
apiece according to the shekel of the
sanctuary all the gold of the pans
weighed 120 shekels or the oxen for the
burnt offering were twelve young bulls
the Rams twelve the male lambs in their
first year twelve with their grain
offering and the kids of the goats as a
sin offering twelve and all the oxen for
the sacrifice of peace offerings were
twenty-four bulls the Rams sixty the
male goats sixty and the Lambs in their
first year 60
this was the dedication offering for the
altar after it was anointed now when
Moses went into the tabernacle of
meeting to speak with him he heard the
voice of one speaking to him from above
the mercy seat that was on the Ark of
the testimony from between the two
cherubim thus he spoke to him